Subject: Improvements to our Privacy Policy and Privacy Controls
From: Google <privacy-noreply@policies.google.com>
Date: 5/14/2018 7:15 PM
To: sds.noc.pk@gmail.com

Privacy Policy
Google 	
sds.noc.pk@gmail.com
	
Updating Our Privacy Policy
This month, we’re updating our Privacy Policy to make it easier for you to understand what information we collect and why we collect it. We’ve also taken steps to improve our Privacy Checkup and other controls that we provide to safeguard your data and protect your privacy.
Nothing is changing about your current settings or how your information is processed. Rather, we’ve improved the way we describe our practices and how we explain the options you have to update, manage, export and delete your data.
We’re making these updates as new data protection regulations come into effect in the European Union, and we’re taking the opportunity to make improvements for Google users around the world.
Making our Privacy Policy easier to understand
Simpler structure & clearer language
We’ve improved the navigation and organisation of the policy to make it easier to find what you’re looking for. We’ve also explained our practices in more detail and with clearer language.
New descriptive videos & illustrations
Often a visual description is easier to understand than text alone, so we’ve added short videos and illustrations throughout the policy.
Embedded privacy controls
We’ve made it easier to jump to key settings directly from the policy, helping you make choices about your privacy.
The revised policy is available here and will take effect on 25 May 2018.
Improving your privacy controls
Within the past year, we updated My Activity so that you can better access and manage the data in your Google Account. We also launched a redesigned Dashboard, which allows you to easily see an overview of products that you’re using and your data associated with them.
This month, we’ve updated our Privacy Checkup with new illustrations and examples to help you make more informed choices about your key privacy controls. And since we understand that your preferences may change over time, the new Privacy Checkup enables you to sign up for regular reminders to check your privacy settings.
To learn more about these and other controls to manage your privacy, visit your Google Account.
Google
© 2018 Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043
This email was sent to sds.noc.pk@gmail.com to provide an update about your Google Account.
